Replace "Liveblocks notifications" with "Collaboration notifications" in docs (#2851)
liveblocks/liveblocks: guides/pages/how-to-add-users-to-liveblocks-notifications.mdx

---
meta:
  title: "How to add users to Collaborative notifications"
  description:

>     "Learn how to add your user's avatars and names to Collaborative notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Learn how to add your user’s avatars and names to avatars and names to Collaborative notifications
```
